Did you arrive in Guatemala ?
Where did you arrive ?
When did you arrive ?
Who arrived in Guatemala ?
Did you arrive in Guatemala on November 3rd ?
What day did you arrived in Guatemala ?
Was you angry about this holiday ?
Was you sad about this holiday ?
Was you curious about this holiday ?
Who was curious about this holiday ?

Where did you go?
Did you go to the cemetery or did you go to the airport?
who went to the cemetery?
When did you go to the cemetery?
Why did you go to the cemetery?
Who went to the cemetery to see what was happening?
When is the Day of the date?
what was like a party?
Was the atmosphere sad or happy?
Was the atmosphere very sad?
Where was the atmosphere like a party?
Was the atmosphere like a party at my house?

Where were the families sitting
who was sitting around the graves
were they sitting around the trees
Were they sitting around the graves of their dead ancestors
were they sitting around the graves of their friends?
whose graves were they sitting around
were they sitting around the graves of their dead ancestors or graves of their friends
who cleaned the graves
what did they add
did they add food
did they add money
what did they clean
whose graves did they clean
where did they add flower
where did you walk
did you walk through the park
who walked through the cemetery
did I walk through the cemetery or did I walk through the park
did i admire the beauty of the trees
did i admire the beauty of all the colorful flowers

#
Why was there color in the sky
Who were flying kites
Was the sky colorful or was the sky gray
What was colorful
Why was the sky colorful
What were the kids flying
Who was flying kites in the cemetery
Where were they flying kites
Did they eat
Who ate
What did they eat

#
Did they drink water in the cemetery
What did they drink in the cemetery
who drank beer
Where did they drink beer
When did they drink beer
Did they chat together
Who chatted together
Are cemeteries happy in the United States
Are cemeteries serious in the United States
Do we have parties next to graves

#

Do we ever have parties next to graves
Where do we never have parties
Do we laugh in cemeteries usually
Where don’t we laugh
Which approach did I prefer
Did I prefer the American approach
did they celebrate those who were alive
who celebrated those who had passed away
When did they celebrate those who had passed away
Who liked that they acknowledged death

# đề 1
Does anyone here know how to use this machine
Where is the closest parking lot
How late are you open on Saturday
Don't you think we need more time to finish the preparation
Where can I pick up the application
When does the message say we need to respond
How many people applied for the scholarships
Would you like me to get you another cup of tea?
Why are the renovations being delayed
You're going to the gym again, aren't you
Do you have some time to review this or does Mr. Andrews need you
I'd appreciate it if you would turn the radio down.
What time is the workshop supposed to start
Do we have enough machines, or should I order some more
For which hotel should I make the reservation
Why didn't you bring the document to the meeting?
I'm in the mood for a movie tonight. 
How long does the delivery usually take
They'll refund our money if it's delayed, right
I thought you were out visiting clients this morning. 
Are you ready to order, or do you need more time
Can't Mr. Gomez wait until tomorrow to have the meeting
Why did Mr. Wilson hire a bilingual person
The play starts at seven o'clock. 
Mr. Williams gave a great opening speech at the conference, didn't he
Are you free for coffee later
This room is really hot.
Ms. Patel, could you tell us how you'd promote the campaign
Please call me when you have your paycheck.




